[Music]
hi everyone my name is banana raccoon
and this is my guide for balance druid
PvP in walls Adreno in this guide I'll
be going over talents glyphs macros stat
priorities enchants
and rotations as this guide will be
quite long you can click on the title
each section to skip to your desired
section I do recommend you watch the
entire guide though to have a better
understanding of the balanced spec if
you have any questions please feel free
to post them in the comment section
below I'll get back to you as soon as
possible on the first tier of talents we
have feline swiftness this place of
beasts and wild charge the choices here
are between displace a beast and wild
charge this place of Beast is a nice gap
closer or gap crater you can pull off
some cool stuff of wild charge when in
boomkin form you can jump backwards
which you can use to Juke people on
platforms when in bear form you can
charge route in cat form your Daisy
target and we're not in a form you can
jump to her for any target which
includes your mushrooms on the second
tier we have your Sara's gift renewal
and scenario Ward and recommend taking
your Sara's gift here it's a nice
passive Hill and with the heart the wild
nerves scenario and ward is it's not
really strong choice anymore
on the third tier we have fairy swarm
mass entanglement in typhoon now all
three of these tons are viable you will
want to take fairy swarm to stop targets
from stealth Eng as well as reducing it
targets movement speed by 50% mass
entanglement can be used to instantly
route beam a target as well as a nice
AoE peel and typhoon is a good time to
interrupt spell casting and knocking
targets whether you choose various swarm
mass entanglement or typhoon will depend
on the situation on the 4th tier we have
sold the forest incarnation and force of
nature the most viable options here are
incarnation and force of nature
incarnation is our big burst ability
which does a lot of damage when line of
celestial alignment and force of nature
gives a bit more sustained damage as
well as more arena control with the
instant routes I press the go of
incarnation due to the big burst but
both talents are very viable
on the fifth tier we have incapacitating
raw Versalles vortex and mighty bash for
RPGs I will generally go with Versalles
vortex but for arena
it will be between mighty bash &
incapacitating raw I will usually go of
my bash but if there's a lot of stuns of
my team already
I'll go incapacitating raw next we have
heart of the wild dream of cinereous and
nature's vigil with the huge heart of
the wild nerf at the beginning of patch
6.0 natives vigil is currently the
strongest talent dream of scenarios can
be ok if you'd rather choose a pass at
an but I would go of nature's vigil now
on the final tier we have a thoria
stellar flare and balance of power
currently euphoria is a most viable
option it reduces our cycle time by 50%
and our lunar and so empowerment's
reduce a cast time of the affected
spells by 20% I would consider the glyph
of bark skin it reduces the chance to be
critically hit by 25% when bug skin is
active to be almost mandatory other than
that the glyph of entangling roots and
cyclone are also really good to reduce
cast times the glyph of stampeding roar
can also be useful to get teammates out
of routes and snares as well as giving
you in balanced form for the increased
speed the glyph of shape mender isn't as
a glyph that I really like what this
does is whenever you shape-shift you get
healed for 5% your maximum health
Alice that priority is mastery
versatility haste crit and multi strike
although the way that gear works you'll
probably have more krypton haste and put
in chance you want to go with even the
gift of mastery or the gift of
versatility both are viable it's
completely up to you and then if your
weapon you will want the mark of
bleeding hollow for my macros I use a
thing called modifying what this means
is whenever you press shift ctrl or alt
it will do something different this is
my cleanse macro if I don't use a
modifier it will cleanse me if I use
shift LLL cleanse my healer and control
cleanse my DPS this is my cycling macro
arena one is no modifier arena two is
shift and arena three is control this is
my fairy swarm is exactly the same thing
as cyclone this is my focus route beam
well this does if I have mass
entanglement it will use mass entangled
and solarbeam to brute being that the
focus target this is my healing touch if
I use modifier it will heal me if I use
shift or here my DPS and control will
heal my healer this is my mighty bash
macro if I don't use a modifier it will
bash my current target if I press shift
it will bash my focus this is my rejuve
is exactly the same as my hitting touch
macro except with a rejuvenation instead
this is my roots exactly same with
cyclone name was arena one shifters
arena two and controllers are in a three
this is my focus so it'll be macro if I
don't use a modifier it'll be my current
target if I press shift it will set up
in my focus this is my shift macro which
gets me out of roots and slows this is
my one shot which is incarnation and
lest alignment and slash use 13 the
slash use 13 is an unused trinket which
will put the top slot the trinkets this
is my Trent beam macro what this does is
if I'm using force of nature
I can use the force of nature route and
instantly solar beam this is my wild
charge macro which flies me to a
friendly target if I press shift it will
fly me to my healer control fly me to my
DPS and alt will take me to my wild
mushroom you do have the process my
twice for to work
and now on to our rotations so as a
boomkin you want to keep your Moonfire
and Sunfire our plans may targets as
possible for constant spread damage you
will also want to recast Moonfire and
Sunfire when you reach your lunar or
solar peak for more damage you'll want
to make sure you always have their
charges ticking so you do not waste
damage also casting star surge in a
lunar or solar eclipse will give you the
respected empowerment which increases
the damage of your next two star fires
and rafts by 30% choosing between star
fall and star surge will depend whether
you want to go for a single target
damage with star surge or spread
pressure with star fall in PvP there is
no set rotation as everything is
situational so we will look at this in a
priority system
first make sure moon finds some fires up
then use star search for the empowerment
and then your wrath or star fire pending
on your a clip I hope this guide was
helpful if you have any questions please
feel free to post them in the comment
section below and I'll get back to you
as soon as possible thanks for watching
and I'll see you in the next video